The bed started this month and now it is 4 inches life
The characteristics of the city and the artists meet
It is an event that creates one work in the world
This piece of degree 6
Settsu effect sound world to be equal
Don't be 3000 feet too
Gathered
This a drawn on the wall of Geppan High School in the last event is a textbook for junior high school this year
On board
It is made with horses and clear
The second time and why this time is especially from outside
And shoe box around zip
Or rather
Let's look at one of them first
Hanger knock says
Excuse me for the huge sculpture in the first time
One that a variety of human beings in its regarded as among the more your time has come a life
Expressed by face
Active worldwide
What a dynamic professional work by the care of the procedure
Camping thing called century of history Toka wonder whether location
Are You a girl is placed in
See you again
This event is dotted with works in the city
Unoccupied pills such as shopping street and department store underground street
Very person in the arc world
I had the good carp
Wow is done
This is a place where the old town remains
The manager is
There is a window
It will aim at gold
This kun works using Akiraa of the flow of 100 years
Feeling that it is principle of other world with the scenery of the outside
His work with blue marbles on the floor is
It was named to
The 100-year-old peg of a wandering house
Is that
Something new is brought about by the fusion of art to him
It is I feel it 's I just carry out the concept of Mixed Bathing World
Reaction great
World does show the spread of the city & 2
Movement
Why is it actively being done now
I think the burden is 9 degrees of yarn
Not the space where the staff was migrated
I think the thing that put more effect from over there
In one of the impressions of Tteyuu Ah Sevilla capital
It feels like
Say is a song called or brought to the representation is being ufo Street
There is no lip
I want to change something, but from now
Art Nation
Being done
Northern or up district is
What I put
If there is poison ones Gachotto to Walk
Become a conservative by being purchased the school also other
Well look at how might say that each one
I'm leaving for apo
I think I will play
After that kind of stimulation, it's red and I have a power to take it ah
This Beppu shopping street, where works are currently exhibited, is also originally an Aki store
It plays the town has been the highest in the force
s Entering a residential area in the center of the city
There is something artists
I But here Yoshimaa path such that
I'm sorry for a moment
It is said that it was about to be ruined until three years ago that visited
Four
60 years
The building is regenerated by the sudden rush of artists
It is bustling as the dispatch place now
What kind of place is it
N or say door
Amimi 0
I also live in three and a half years
3 jumps but 3 times go to professor exchange
Whether the Commission and the merit
Enough to see Mother coin
In each room you can see the illusionary works that we have given enough
But No
Let's keep it
This is rice
9 minutes behind the day is rice blur
The number that was finely arranged is somehow many as many as 60000
I will
And things are various things around
The work of making it a tempai
Solder to the delicious
Hmm
Own sensibility Oh
It is now 8 economy high-29
How is life in Beppu
It is this that everyone says Kyoto
If there is a generosity me gay
The everyone has entered the care 0
The warmth of this person
I intend to drink friend
We do a lot of pen
Or that so at Toka or her the cheers of voice and
En will
We ask them
Hot Springs to museum many artists go later gathered this year
The secret of success may have been the warmth of the city of Beppu
Moment Mamichi here
Festival god